Add supernode explainer (#20561)
ethereum-optimism/optimism: docs/public-docs/op-stack/interop/reorg.mdx

## Next steps

*   Read the [interop explainer](./explainer) for the rest of the architecture.

> *   Read about [op-supernode](./supernode), the process that runs every chain in the dependency set together and enforces the safety levels described above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Read about [op-supernode](./supernode), the component that derives every chain in the dependency set together and enforces the safety levels described above.
```
